# AI_Assisted_Coding
A repo for the AI-Assisted Coding workshops


This repo contains all the files for the AI-assisted coding workshops produced by the QUT Digital Observatory.

The files are:

syn_data.py - Python code for the generation of the synthetic Brisbane traffic survey data. This code produces three files (see below)

traffic_survey_demographics.csv - A CSV file containing the synthetic demographic data (generated by the syn_data.py code)

traffic_survey_likert.csv - A CSV file containing the synthetic Likert response data (generated by the syn_data.py code)

traffic_survey_open_response.csv - A CSV file containing the synthetic open text response data (generated by the syn_data.py code)

traffic_survey_demographics_altered.csv - A CSV file containing deliberately altered data to allow for data cleaning and validation checks to be made (not made with syn_data.py code)

AI_assisted_coding.pptx - A PowerPoint slide deck with prompts to allow the participant to follow along for self-guided learning.

# How to use

The provided files should contain all the necessary information for an introduction to using AI to assist in two key areas. Firstly, the slides and files provide a starting point for people with low or no coding experience to learn to code Python with the aid of AI. AI is used to explain key concepts, provide examples and usable code for learners to paste into a notebook. The data provided is used as sample data. The slide deck provides a series of prompts that can be used in prompting an AI chat to code, examples and explanations.

The slides are in two parts. The first part is an introduction to coding and data manipulation to get data into a clean state for use in later workflows. The second part of the slides provides an introduction to using AI to code/classify/label text data using an API to access LLM models.

(Note: these slides are liable to be updated)
